All right, in the last section, we have finished styling with the header section, in this section,
we're going to start.
Uh, on the NAV Bar section.
So.
We go to an components section and open the NAF now border chase.
And if we look at the final version of the project here, we see that we did have one section, has
a different color and has two taps trending and top rated.
When we hover over the.
Tabs, we can see that the color of changes to white and when we click on the tab, they can see the
red color and also changing in the euro.
So in the trending we see the genre is fish trending.
And top rated, the genre is fish top rated.
You're going to use something called use effect.
Sorry use router from next year's router to create and push the.
The drought to this specific genre.
All right, if you go back to our visual studio code and we create a new folder called.
You tells.
And inside this folder, we're going to create a file called requests.
That, yes, this is the fault that we are going to use to have this information like.
Fitch Top-Rated or Fitch Trending and also these trending and top rated.
As well, so these are not hard coded, you're going to get this information from this file.
So here first, we need to have a.
An API key constant for getting the API key of the IMDb database.
So if we create a constant and we call it API underlying key and we are going to get the API key, this
is not a public concern.
It's going to be from our.
Environmental and local environment.
So we just write process that Ian B Dutch API key.
So when we're up there pushing our application to get job, you're not going to push this variable and
it's amount because it's going to be from a environmental variable Soviet.
Let's create the environmental valuable here out in the main directory.
We just create a file called Don't Envy the local.
And.
So we made a mistake here, just to rename it, it's local, not local.
All right.
Now, if you pay attention, we can see this color is a little bit gray.
So it means that this file is not going to be pushed to the guitar.
And also these files to the notes modules and that next.
So here we are going to define the API key.
And let's go to A.B. website and the database, the database for I am divorced from the website called
TMT.
So and deep.
So 10 debates.
The website is the movie TB dot org.
This website we're going to use to get the Hey API key, so we click on the website.
And let's zoom out a little bit.
Yeah, here in the website, you can see it here, there is a log in or join Team BTB.
Make sure to join it.
It's very easy.
Just you need to just have some basic information from you.
So I already signed up for the website, but I just say looking and I just quickly write down my user
name and password.
And log in once I log in, I can see my stats and rating and other things in if we click on this icon.
If you click on it, they see the menu and there is a sitting.
So we click on Settings.
And here on the left.
Here we click on API.
So here we copy our API key.
And we go back to Visual Studio code and we paste it here.
All right.
And it's it's uh.
It's like a config file, we need to restart the server to see the effects.
So just stop the servers using contrasty and we just write down npm run dev to run the server again.
All right.
So these are finished, so we have this and in request that, yes, now we have the API key.
So now we just need to create our export and create the files.
You just need to export.
Defaults.
The open is sort of curly braces, and here the first one, as if you remember it was fetched trendy
here.
So we just tried to fetch.
Trending.
And the fish stranding has two things the title.
Which is.
Trending.
And also, we have the euro for the getting this and the the euro that's going to fetch the trending
data from the I, MTV or MTV website, which is forward slash trending.
And we have weak.
So before a week, we have all and.
So we are getting the trending of the week for all the movies, and after this we have the API key.
So there is a.
So there is a question mark and we have API key, which is equal to.
This API key here.
But.
But it's a variable, so we need to write it down inside a variable, but we need to change this double
quarterback back take to be able to write down variables.
So the variable is API key.
And after that, we have the language of the fishing.
And the language is English, so language equals English.
So for this kind of object oriented orientated.
Kind of.
Template, this is this is going to be key.
And these are the values which are title and you are.
There's going to be another one which is top rated.
That's it.
I just want to grab that and paste it here.
It's very simple and similar to the top.
This one, instead of trending, we have top rated for the title.
And you are and we are using to fish the data is movie top rated instead of trending all week.
The API key is similar and also the language is English as well.
OK, now it's time to get this information inside the nafaa, don't you?
Yes.
And look through this to.
It fetched trendy and top rated, so we go to now for the chase.
And we're going to import this first.
So at the top.
We just import.
Requests.
From Utils slash request, and we're going to look through it, so.
Because it's object oriented, so we just right.
We just need the right optics.
Dot.
Entries and.
Which one, what have you on a map is requests, so here would be requests inside the parentheses.
And we're going to map through this.
So the map is going to give us this kind of information.
They're going to give us the key.
Which was.
This one and this one and also it's going to give us the value, the values, I mean the title and the
euro, but we need to destroy this structure it so we instead of values, we just try title.
And.
You are.
All right.
So this is going to.
Return, let's just listen as a woman to see the results and first.
Uh, first we just returned key.
We saved a file.
The precious.
You're getting an error that's saying objects are not is not defined.
This is not objects.
These should be objects.
If that is so, it is, save it again.
OK, now we are getting the Fitch trending and top rated.
So let's instead of queue, we get the title that's beneath it, which is trending and top rated, and
as we are mapping through something, we need to provide the key.
Here.
So the key would be the same key we have this is necessary for react because we are again getting error
after that if you don't do it, especially when we are deploying the website in rehearsal.
It is common to get the error of not providing key.
All right.
So let's style this trending and top rated.
You just change this class name.
To Flex to bring it.
Then next to each other and then the it's using justifies center.
We bring them to the centre horizontally.
Excuse me.
And then we change the background color to gray.
The race instead of 700 that we used here.
We're going to use six under to it be a little bit different.
And let's change the color of the text to.
Gray, 200.
And.
The other thing is we need to do just, uh, we want to.
Remove the ability to select that was that is annoying in the mobile version, so we just say select.
None.
And, uh.
Let's increase the size of the ticks, which are, say, ticks ticks large.
And when this size is bigger, I want to know when the size is bigger than large.
I want the changes of the text size to two x large.
So when we are here, the text is bigger than when when the size is smaller.
Let's add some marching around each of them.
So here we need to at children's stylists with this hat, each one.
Or let's make it to.
It makes more sense.
So here we are at M6, marching six around it, so it looks better.
Let's change the cursor to be pointer.
So when we hover over each element, we see a pointing hand.
Then when we hover over it, we want to change the text to white.
And when and.
It's.
You can see the change and when they are active, it means that we are clicking on them.
Let's change the color to red.
I can't.
So the we did everything now here, except the.
Except this changing to the you are out there, Chandra, and a top rated that is as simple as well,
we just need to.
As I mentioned, we need to import something called.
Use router from next.
Slash.
Round her.
And let's create.
The constant here.
Recall this constant throughout her.
We equal this to use now to.
And here inside this, it's too we add it on click.
So this unclear is going to be a function.
That's returns.
Throughout her.
Not push.
And there you are, it would be wrong to push is let's add some Bektic, so we have we can have a variable.
So there you are and will be Chandra.
Equal to.
The key the key is Fitch trendy or Fitch top rated.
Okay.
They're getting some error.
Yeah.
The error is because of the this user out there, it should be camel case.
Now it should work.
Sorry, my laptop is a bit slow now, because on.
Recording at the same time, but should be fine now.
Yeah, it's working now.
So when we maximize the window and tester, we click on trending and we get Chandra fish trending.
And we click on top rated and we get John Traffic top rated.
So in this in the next section, we're going to start.
Getting that data from the API.
And using these contexts, fetching from the URL and based on these keys, you're going to get the results
from the IMDb database.
As we can see in the final version.
All right.
So before ending the video, let's go to the guitar.
So we just.
And everything that we did in this video and we did, we do the comments.
That was created to now for.
Components.
And.
Requests.
Is.
All right, let's get pushed to it.
All right.
So let's go inside to get hopped up to come and refresh the page by clicking on this movie app version
eight.
And we click on commits.
As you can see now, we created the Knapper components and request she.
So in the network that yes.
We created this file.
We imported the request from utils slash
request, and we imported the user out router from next router and be looped through the.
The object inside their request.
And we created the request that yes, and get the export, some keys and title and the URL.
Yeah, that was it for this section in the next section, we're going to start working on the server
side rendering and we're going to.
Get the information from the A.P. first and populate the data and send it to send it to the client side.
So see in the next section.